1. What are the six combinations of access modifier keywords and what do they do? 
Public - Anyone and anywhere can acess
Private - only within the class
Protected - only within same class or subclasses
Internal - Only within the same assmebly (not the same as namespace)
Protected Internal - Only within assembly and subclasses in other assemblies

2. What is the difference between the static, const, and readonly keywords when applied to a type member?
Static - Shared within the class itself
const - Compile time constants
readonly - can only be read, but not set ever again

3. What does a constructor do?
It is used to initialize an object and set the attributes. It does not have a return type since it is returning itself the object.

4. Why is the partial keyword useful?
It allows different functionalities to be broken down into separate files which will be combined at compile time.

5. What is a tuple?
Tuples are a data structure that can allow grouping of different data types.

6. What does the C# record keyword do?
It helps denote if the reference types (not value type since value types already is synonymous with storing data) are 
primarly used for data storage, and might have immutable properites. 

7. What does overloading and overriding mean?
Overloading and overriding are forms of polymorphism where overloading creates multiple methods with same name, but 
different parameters while overriding replaces an implmentation from it's parent class.

8. What is the difference between a field and a property?
A field and property are both variables within the class, but fields are more for private usage and placeholders that 
should not be revealed while, properties would have getters and setters to allow outside replacement.

9. How do you make a method parameter optional?
Kinda like in python you can preset the value so something like Method(string s="Hello World"), in which s is optional, but can be replaced.

10. What is an interface and how is it different from abstract class?
An interface is a list of empty methods that must be implmented. An abstract class can specify methods or properties 
that can be empty or not. An abstract class thus cannot be instantiated since there might be some emptiness, and must be inherited while an interface must be implemented. A class can only inherit 1 parent, but can implment infinite interfaces.

11. What accessibility level are members of an interface?
They are always public and cannot be changed.

12. True/False. Polymorphism allows derived classes to provide different implementations of the same method.
True

13. True/False. The override keyword is used to indicate that a method in a derived class is providing its own 
implementation of a method.
True

14. True/False. The new keyword is used to indicate that a method in a derived class is providing its own implementation
 of a method.
 False
 
15. True/False. Abstract methods can be used in a normal (non-abstract) class. 
False

16. True/False. Normal (non-abstract) methods can be used in an abstract class. 
True

17. True/False. Derived classes can override methods that were virtual in the base class. 
True

18. True/False. Derived classes can override methods that were abstract in the base class. 
True

19. True/False. In a derived class, you can override a method that was neither virtual non abstract in the base class.
False

20. True/False. A class that implements an interface does not have to provide an implementation for all of the members 
of the interface.
False

21. True/False. A class that implements an interface is allowed to have other members that aren’t defined in the 
interface.
True

22. True/False. A class can have more than one base class.
False

23. True/False. A class can implement more than one interface.
True
